[chore] prepare release notes for next release (#467)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- next version -->

## v0.24.0

This release includes version 0.120.0/0.120.1 of the upstream Collector components.

The individual upstream Collector changelogs can be found here:

v0.120.1:

- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.120.1>

v0.120.0:

- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.120.0>
- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.120.0>

<details>
<summary>Highlights from the upstream Collector changelog</summary>

> ### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

Reviewer: I wonder if we should put the breaking changes above the collapsible section.
Otherwise, it's very very subtle and easy to miss, specifically the highly relevant prometheusreceiver one this time.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/790e9ffd-8012-4f21-9e52-df3e3a3d22f7)

Author: good suggestion, that definitely makes sense to do

Reviewer: Thanks! Could you perhaps apply the change also to the last few releases (maybe 0.20.0+?) so it's consistent?
They have only 2-5 entries each luckily so it's not too cluttering.

Author: done :)

Reviewer: One last nit 😄 I think a h4 would be enough for the breaking changes section such that the h2 version number is still the clear separator - but the markdown linter might complain if #### follows ## directly.

Author: seems like the linter allows it 👍

<!-- next version -->

## v0.24.0

> This release includes version XX.YY.ZZ of the upstream Collector components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes version 0.120.0/0.120.1 of the upstream Collector components.
```

The individual upstream Collector changelogs can be found here:

> v0.120.0:
> 
> - <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.120.0>
> - <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.120.1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v0.120.1:

- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.120.1>

v0.120.0:

- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.120.0>
- <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.120.0>
```
